# ATOMATE | Your digital personal assistant

It is lightweight input app that infers what type of data you are
entering and tags it as such. All your data just there hanging out
there in your little list, accessible, filterable and searchable in
your phone and browser.  

**THIS IS IN PROGRESS ALPHA SOFTWARE AND SHOULD BE TREATED ACCORDINGLY.**

## Problem

People spend too much time worrying about silly little dumb things and
trying to remember silly little dumb things -- and not enough time
doing silly little dumb things.

This is (partly) because our life management tools suck. These tools
are poorly integrated, complicated little things based on old
metaphors that don't make sense in the digital world. SRS SILLYNESS IS
SLLY SRSLY
 
You should not have to conform to your computer-- it should conform to you! 

## Summary 

Atomate serve 90% of your information needs for the day - no more
calendar, todos list or bookmarks. Listomate contains all reference
materials, todos, reminders and events in the same list- with one
'awesome bar' to search through and add items. The core utility is
just having 1 place to view, edit or add to that information. 

## Goal 

Build something that helps people go about their day

## Examples

- an example!
- more examples
- You enter: "remind me to take out the trash on Sunday" -- listomate will remind you to do that at a reasonable time on Sunday-- can dismiss w/ a 'remind me later' button

## Things to keep in mind (from @chrysaora)

- It is totally unreasonable to expect people to ditch services
they're already using for another one. There are too many factors
(what work requires, habit, fear of losing back-data) to even consider
this. It's feasible that they might look to an aggregator, however,
but changes should be able to propagate backwards.

- Separation is natural: I use 3 or 4 different programs to keep To-do
lists AND paper, if it gets real serious. In just one of those
programs, I have like 6 different to-do lists. This is not because I
hate efficiency, but because creating a little bit of organizational
space for a project helps me get into the right mental space for it. I
think you can accomplish this with a good system of filters, but the
system will have to be easier to use than "hit cmd-n in a text editor"

- The reason why people worry about instead of doing dumb little
things is because many of them are trivial when you're in the right
mood and TERRIBLE when you're not. Believe me, as someone who is
self-managed and also works from home; it's all about "I guess I feel
like doing the dishes now" because really, I could do them ANY TIME.
For example, it's well and good that your system could remind me to
take out the trash on Sunday evening, but what if I'm in the middle of
watching a movie? Or eating dinner? I'm not sure how to work around
this best, but maybe a snooze button feature?

## Demo

Working on it!

## TODO:

- figure out some scenerios
- update atomate.me
- update mypoyozo.com
- create mailing list
- design a compelling demo


## LATER:
- history view (poyozo)